you're about to hear is a national
secret it's special a genetics go
special I'm still up here and now it's
just a regular age until a couple weeks
ago you'll be working with a civilian
civilian want me to do on the face some
kind of top-secret mission effect oh you
mean like devil of seven yeah mm we'll
be double O nine and a half
yes little innuendo as Arnold gundar's
premier arm deal and we believe we have
that's playing the switch play which
blade is undetectable to radar infrared
even the human eye thunders the buck and
finesse there's only one shot we've got
of getting you in there
get him up so you can refer to yourself
in the third person the whole time is
that can get a little irritating we
looking at Bay spy stuff
just by Counting look at the size of
this thing
tonight matters but the spy world is
reverse you want people say look how
small and sexy and sweet this is not how
huge this is if we do an egg of them
feel like that would you do it don't
walk in the incremental facility would
you move down Ken Irrawaddy talk to me
like this
[Music]
I put this in my ass you know I got the
camera in mine hey hey I see me happy
when you see I see me look at you look
at me
I like this that type of thing we're
gonna be doing on the mission oh my god
yeah that's what I'm talking about
hey come on man
hey come on now let me leave you good
[Music]
Nilsa Philly rapper you see that I spy
put down get back up back with by Mac
special finance
you